Ques -How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Ans - It gave me back the full section by section comparsion of the file1 and file2,where it  found a change.
So.i was able to find out the difference seeing the output.

Ques- How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans - Because i will be able to see the effect of each piece of code which i have written in 
the newer version and how it n integration works with the base code on integration.It will
give me a basic idea how the code is chaging and also help me in finding out the directin in which my mind works.

Ques - What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
Ans - Pros of using git are we can save whenever we like ad also when we have signicant difference and thus
reduce the size of memory used and also it will help in carefuly working n the project.And the con is i think 
if at sme point we forget to save the work cause we are in hurry the entire work is gine.

Ques - 	Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans- Frankly , i don;t know how the git works properly so i think iam unable to answer the question for now.
 
Ques - How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans - Ihave noidea about this.

Ques - How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
Ans - We have that confidence because of the fact that we always revert back to the older version of the file ast any point.

Ques - Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Ans - For version controling ofcourse.

Ques - How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans - I think i can understand why and under what infulence of thoghts that i knew on that particular time have made take a decision and 
can lear from that also i can see whe nthe last change was  made.